4918 telegraf write example (#4929)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud-dedicated/write-data/use-telegraf/dual-write.md

---
title: Dual write to InfluxDB OSS and InfluxDB Cloud
description: >
  Configure Telegraf to write data to both InfluxDB OSS and InfluxDB Cloud Dedicated simultaneously.
menu:
  influxdb_cloud_dedicated:
    name: Dual write to OSS & Cloud
    parent: Use Telegraf
weight: 203
alt_engine: /influxdb/cloud/write-data/no-code/use-telegraf/dual-write/
---

> If you want to back up your data in two places, or if you're migrating from OSS to Cloud, you may want to set up dual write.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to back up your data in two places, or if you're migrating from InfluxDB OSS to {{< cloud-name >}},
you may want to set up Telegraf to dual write.
```

Use Telegraf to write to both InfluxDB OSS and InfluxDB Cloud Dedicated simultaneously.

The sample configuration below uses:
  - The [InfluxDB v2 output plugin](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/master/plugins/outputs/influxdb_v2) twice: first pointing to the OSS instance and then to the InfluxDB Cloud Dedicated cluster.
  - Two different tokens, one for OSS and one for Cloud Dedicated. You'll need to configure both tokens as environment variables (see [Configure your token as an environment variable](/influxdb/v2.6/write-data/no-code/use-telegraf/auto-config/#configure-your-token-as-an-environment-variable).

Use the configuration below to write your data to both OSS and Cloud instances simultaneously.

## Sample configuration

```toml

> [[inputs.cpu]]
> [[inputs.mem]]
> 
> ## Any other inputs, processors, aggregators that you want to include in your configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Include any other input, processor, or aggregator plugins that you want to include in your configuration.
```
